Update content-management.md (#969)
demisto/content-docs: content-repo/extra-docs/packs/content-management.md

Currently, the pack does not support the following features:
1. Integration instances.
2. Server configuration keys.

### Demo Video
<video controls>
    <source src="https://github.com/demisto/content-assets/raw/c332ede923f40990749a1498c6501fcacbf58bfd/Assets/ContentManagement/content_management_demo.mp4"
            type="video/mp4"/>

>     Sorry, your browser doesn't support embedded videos. You can download the video at: https://github.com/demisto/content-assets/raw/c332ede923f40990749a1498c6501fcacbf58bfd/Assets/ContentManagement/content_management_demo.mp4 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Sorry, your browser doesn't support embedded videos. You can download the video at: https://github.com/demisto/content-assets/blob/master/Assets/ContentManagement/content_management_demo.mp4 
```
